Su Shao
It's really haunting
How can I meet you anywhere, Ye Chan?
It's an honor for Su Yizawa to meet me
You should be grateful
Boss Chen
This is your new recruit, right?
Why are you so discerning now?
You want this trash too
Who are you calling trash?
You, your grandmother has the guts to say it again
How did you talk to Su Shao?
It's not your place to speak
Su Shao, don't be angry
I'll take it slow
Are you here today?
Don't worry, I won't help anyone.
I came here simply to be a witness
You can rest assured to compete
Hahaha, that's fine, please do it.
Why are you so stupid?
Today's humiliation
It will be returned several times in the future
Since Mr. Qian Su is here
Let's get straight to the point.
One from each side
Whoever wins that land goes to whoever
How good
I do it myself
Which of you will fight?